[SYCL] Improve env var controls docs (#799)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/SYCLEnvironmentVariables.md

# Controlling SYCL RT

| Environment variable | Values | Description |
| -------------------- | ------ | ----------- |
| SYCL_PI_TRACE | Any(*) | Force tracing of PI calls to stderr. |
| SYCL_BE | PI_OPENCL, PI_OTHER | When SYCL RT is built with PI this controls which plugin to use. Default value is PI_OPENCL. |

> | SYCL_DEVICE_TYPE | One of: CPU, GPU, ACC, HOST | Force SYCL to use specified device type. If unset, default selection rules are applied. If set to other value, this control has no effect. If the requested device type is not found, `cl::sycl::runtime_error` exception is thrown. If non-default device selector is used, device must satisfy both selector and this control. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SYCL_DEVICE_TYPE | One of: CPU, GPU, ACC, HOST | Force SYCL to use the specified device type. If unset, default selection rules are applied. If set to any unlisted value, this control has no effect. If the requested device type is not found, a `cl::sycl::runtime_error` exception is thrown. If a non-default device selector is used, a device must satisfy both the selector and this control to be chosen. |
```

> | SYCL_DEVICE_TYPE | One of: CPU, GPU, ACC, HOST | Force SYCL to use the specified device type. If unset, default selection rules are applied. If set to any unlisted value, this control has no effect. If the requested device type is not found, a `cl::sycl::runtime_error` exception is thrown. If a non-default device selector is used, a device must satisfy both the selector and this control to be chosen. |

Reviewer 2: The wording is not accurate, SYCL_DEVICE_TYPE makes so only devices with specified type are passed to sycl::device_selector::operator(). There are some places where device_selector is not used.

Also I have a concern about documenting this variable as users can start rely on it. 
This variable was introduced for developers only(and to simplify testing), it has disadvantages like: it violates the spec because host device should always be available, it's still possible to create device of different type, it's not aligned with other SYCL implementations, it allows make more find grained selection(like specify) platform name, it has no diagnostics on incorrect usage.

| SYCL_PROGRAM_BUILD_OPTIONS | String of valid OpenCL build options | Override build options for all programs. |

> | SYCL_USE_KERNEL_SPV | Path to SPIR-V binary | Load device image from specified file. If runtime is unable to read specified file, `cl::sycl::runtime_error` exception is thrown.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| SYCL_USE_KERNEL_SPV | Path to SPIR-V binary | Load device image from the specified file. If runtime is unable to read the file, `cl::sycl::runtime_error` exception is thrown.|
```

Reviewer 3: @alexbatashev The comment is minor, please resolve the conversation by either updating or explicitly ignoring.

> | SYCL_DUMP_IMAGES | Any(*) | Dump device image binaries to file. Control has no effect if SYCL_USE_KERNEL_SPV is set. |

Reviewer 3: Is there no way to control the output file path?

Author: @AGindinson nope
https://github.com/intel/llvm/blob/78d9957e23f805d588c39531af4a8e27854d9314/sycl/source/detail/program_manager/program_manager.cpp#L386-L399

| SYCL_PROGRAM_BUILD_OPTIONS | String of valid OpenCL build options | Override build options for all programs. |
| SYCL_USE_KERNEL_SPV | Path to the SPIR-V binary | Load device image from the specified file. If runtime is unable to read the file, `cl::sycl::runtime_error` exception is thrown.|
| SYCL_DUMP_IMAGES | Any(*) | Dump device image binaries to file. Control has no effect if SYCL_USE_KERNEL_SPV is set. |
| SYCL_PRINT_EXECUTION_GRAPH | Described [below](#sycl_print_execution_graph-options) | Print execution graph to DOT text file. |

`(*) Note: Any means this environment variable is effective when set to any non-null value.`

**Warning:** the aforementioned environment variables are used for development
and debugging of SYCL runtime and compiler. Their semantics are subject to change.

> Do not rely on these variables in production code.

Reviewer 4: I think this warnings should be moved at the beginning of the section (or the whole document).
